how's it going when well you think I'm
close miss my computer this is that all
day getting some work done you've been
here sitting right here I've been over
there we just we just look at each other
when we're sad
all right and then yeah and then we move
on to to get in steps then some more
work little shadow be I can't see it a
little shadowy I told you hi honey
yeah it's fine done sure good we spent a
lot of time with these little minut
details that you might have me knowing
about done done Johnny's done yes then
this is her breasts such as blisters
maybe you can tell in the previous shot
I got my setup I got my two Apple Center
in my displays and they have been so
lovely so so so lovely I have missed
this I've just mmm
look at how nice so granite so very nice
when you're using this type of setup my
laptop is behind the monitors right
there you need a mouse right this is an
ugly connected Mouse you want something
Wireless see here's a wireless keyboard
if you want to know where my magic mouse
to is well it's actually somewhere here
in the trash here it is because it's a
piece of just never never turned on
I tried everything and it's just garbage
The Magic Mouse - is one of my most
disliked Apple products almost ever how
you charge it is you have to put a
Thunderbolt cable in the bottom of it so
you can't use it while you charge it and
I would always forget to charge it and I
just wouldn't have a mouth you know
thanks for not working because I'm so
excited to get this out of my life
goodbye forever this is a much much
better option I hope
yeah the Magic Trackpad so forget that
mouth life I am on my laptop so much
anyways I don't know why I didn't get
this to begin with but I'm super excited
because it's basically like a laptop
trackpad with the force touch and all
those things so cool little unboxing of
this and if you're wondering I am still
obsessed with the Apple earpods I wear
them every single day and to be honest
I'm debating whether or not to get a
second pair because mine run down and
charged before I can even charge them ah
what's what's clean and see it's nice
and white to match my aesthetics so you
plug in right here
so you can plug charge it and still work
on it I just make way more sense okay so
I like this we'll see how it goes with
editing but this this feels good we
should probably go outside at some point
what's out there
food Oh fine we should be doing the food
thing is your baby yeah cute video have
you guys subscribe yet penny Ellison
whispers your video son slap you in the
face
[Music]
see you later mama papa indicator back
bacon I've taken this but I don't knows
names can cause mostly I can happen oh
wait so much amazing panel lovely
Italian dinners but what are you doing
I might be packing up no I'm sorry
molasses it would oppose a familiar
speech hazel but I'll say nothing me
wouldn't be able to leave okay like you
dad well John John not very bad
beautiful day in here see today is
dropping the fun couple weeks in Germany
and my home I wish I could be here more
often
but today start a very long period of
travel and exciting the lesson I am
going to bring to you guys nothing has
happened that helpless the sadness
something came in the mail that I have
been waiting for for like eight months
in waiting mr. Damon what could it be
oh my gosh this guy is like my writers I
I bring him everywhere this is my
baseboard version one it goes about five
miles if you don't write it as fast as I
do the foam out on one charge takes
about 45 minutes for a completely full
charge there are so many companies out
there trying to do electric skateboard
right now and out of all the ones that
I've tried the businesses words you come
by Lewis it's pretty clutch and it's not
just something that's fun or gimmick but
it literally gets me around the state
like it is how I get to play to point B
within minutes
where I'm headed to Austin for South by
Southwest I'm actually giving a talk
they are a little soul obsession I'm
kind of nervous but excited for it I
have a chef in confirmation a welcome
boost course they said that it was gonna
it wasn't going to feature for like a
few more days so I was missing it right
before often and so huge surprise McCain
so let's unbox this thing here we go the
first real oh my gosh
I'm going to cry to the big y'all look
how orange peels are I've never had a
brand new mister board before so Wow
hello excited to radio for oh wow wow
that is one good-looking board so it has
the green inside that's how you know
it's a V two empty boxes so it says
please keep this box for battery
shipping store so I've also fully maxed
out these two boards so that means that
I should have the 12 model range
extended battery pack with this board
but they are a little bit behind so it
is sitting on the booster board dual
pluses with the standard range battery
and hopefully we'll get the extended
battery sometimes this year because the
thing that makes this super clutch for
me is the swappable batteries in a
12-mile range
I did a battery with 12 long range let's
game changer there is the boost remote
you need this charger stickers if you
are someone who is waiting for their
boosted board version 2 and you have no
idea when it's coming you really haven't
heard from them just give you a little
perspective of when I ordered you look
into your email the subject line is
boosted boards
order confirmation that will send me
20th and then I have second-generation
boosted order confirmation October 23rd
there's a lot of similar language with
these emails but it's just they've sent
out confirmations on different dates for
things and then I got my your order has
shipped email December 5th but right
when that happened is when they had to
start doing the recalls of the batteries
but now it is March 8th I have my boost
support I am a happy camper and I cannot
wait to write it in Austin Texas I got
it like go catch a plane right now I saw
the patent we all got everything in my
carry-on because I do not have time to
check a bag I got things for edit and so
I got to get to JFK at like these last
possible minute without missing my
flight things to do people thank you so
much for hanging out with me if you're
new around here become a part of the PG
fan hit that subscribe button down below
I'm based out of New York City but I
also do some things and go travel like I
am about to embark on my son Southside
southwestern you can't wait to hang out
hope it's there until next time let me
know if you like this video hit that
subscribe button down below and stay
peachy okay bye in real
in the mail yeah I just wanna know I can
help you with you let me doctor
oh oh